docs: Stacker instruction manual (#18664)
OpenTrons/opentrons-api: docs/stacker-manual/docs/stacker-install.md

# Installing the Stacker

Before you begin, make sure you've read and are familiar with the information provided in the [Pre-Installation Information section](stacker-preinstall.md).

## Part 1: Unboxing the Stacker

Your Stacker ships in two separate  boxes; one contains the module, and the other includes a special User Kit. Follow these instructions to begin:

1. Open the shipping boxes and remove the internal boxes that hold the Stacker and User Kit.

> 1. Open the Stacker's box and the User Kit. Remove any additional shipping and packaging material inside these boxes.

Reviewer: Number all when spanning across sections like this? 1, 1, 3, 1, 1, 1, 1, 8, 1, 1, 1, … has me a little 😵‍💫

Author: I love doing this. Such a bad habit! Prefer to let Markdown do the numbering.

3. Turn off the power to the robot.

1. Remove the screws holding the lower right side window panel in place and detach the panel. Save it for future use.

1. Take the replacement side panel from the User Kit and attach it to the robot. You can re-use the original window screws or the screws that ship in the User Kit. When attaching the panel ensure the beveled (V-shaped) holes in the replacement panel face out, towards you.

    !!!tip
        Hand tighten the screws until the window panels are reasonably secure. This is not a trial of strength. Excessive torque may damage the screws.

    <img src="/images/window-attach-detail.png" alt="panel attachment detail" class="center-image" style="width:60%;">

    !!!Note
        A properly attached panel fits flush and square to the robot's frame, without gaps or misalignment. This helps ensure a good connection between the safety interlock pins on panel and Flex.

> 1. <div id="identify-access-panels" markdown> After attaching the replacement window, identify the four, smaller access panels on the window. Select the panel that matches the deck slot where you will attach the Stacker.</div>

Reviewer: Use an anchor here instead.
```suggestion
1. <a id="identify-access-panels" /> After attaching the replacement window, identify the four, smaller access panels on the window. Select the panel that matches the deck slot where you will attach the Stacker.
```

Author: This is the HTML5 standard and semantically correct. I'm not sure a change is needed here.

    <img src="/images/access-panel.png" alt="access panel" class="center-image" style="width:65%;">

1. Remove the 2 screws from your selected access panel and detach it. Save the screws and panel for future use.

## Part 3: Attaching the Stacker

With the new window panel in place, it's time to install a deck plate adapter and attach the Stacker to the robot.

> !!!Warning "Heavy Object"

Reviewer: This admonition style means that the word "Warning" is not included in the output. I think we want it to be there. Either `!!! warning "Warning: Heavy Object"` or 
```
!!! warning
**Heavy object:** The Stacker …
```
